Q1 Please enter your personal interview code if used e.g. (ZKWLI) or name
Q2 Which of the following best reflects your preferred learning experience?
  Select: concrete experiences, active experimentation, reflective observation, abstract conceptualisation
Q3 Please rank the importance of the following for your personal learning experience? 
  Rank: concrete experiences, active experimentation, reflective observation, abstract conceptualisation (rank 1  = most effective, rank 2 = a little less effective, etc)
Q4 Reflecting on classes you have taken in the past, please rank the following learning activities by their effectiveness for you (click/drag to rank: rank 1 = most effective, rank 2 = a little less effective, etc)
  Rank: lectures, completing exercises, doing projects, writing essays
Q5 Have you work experience?
  Select: Yes, No 
Q6 How many years work experience? (number)
Q7 Have you programming experience?
  Select: Yes, No 
Q8 How many years programming experience (number)
Q9 Have you experience working with databases? For example: Relational databases or No-SQL databases?
  Select: Yes, No
Q10 Have you experience of performing/interpreting statistical analysis? For example: R, SAS, SPSS, Stata, Minitab?
  Select: Yes, No 
Q11 Are you familiar with or have you previously used any of the following?
  Select: Linear Regression, Logistic Regression, Factor Analysis
Q12 Have you experience working with one or more large datasets?
  Select: Yes, No 
Q13 Did you use DataCamp to prepare for class? 
   Select: Yes, No 
Q14 Did you also practice with the DataCamp smartphone App? 
   Select: Yes, No 
Q15 How often did you practice with DataCamp?
  Select: Daily, 4-6 times a week, 2-3 times a week, Once a week, Never
Q16 Did you read sections of the textbook (“Hands-on Machine Learning” by Aurélien Géron)? 
   Select: Yes, No 
Q17 The Machine Learning classes included the following learning activities. Please rank which were most effective for you.
  Rank: conceptual lectures during the mornings, coding during the afternoons, the project work including data analysis and programming, discussing and writing the final report (rank 1 = most effective, rank 2 = a little less effective, etc)
Q18 Please comment on your ranking of learning activity effectiveness (text) 
Q19 How strongly do you agree with the following statements?
  Select: Strongly agree, Somewhat agree, Neither agree nor disagree, Somewhat disagree, Strongly disagree
Q20 "I am confident that I can now program and apply one or more of the ML methods from class, produce results and interpret them"
Q21 "I am confident that I can apply methods from the ML class to a machine learning problem (for example, a problem from Kaggle)" 
Q22 "I am confident that I would be an effective client for a team working on machine learning problems"
Q23 "I am confident that I would be an effective manager for a team working on machine learning problems"
